update-alternatives --set ControlPanel /usr/local/java/bin/ControlPanel
update-alternatives --set java /usr/local/java/bin/java
update-alternatives --set javaws /usr/local/java/bin/javaws
update-alternatives --set jcontrol /usr/local/java/bin/jcontrol
update-alternatives --set jjs /usr/local/java/bin/jjs
update-alternatives --set keytool /usr/local/java/bin/keytool
update-alternatives --set orbd /usr/local/java/bin/orbd
update-alternatives --set pack200 /usr/local/java/bin/pack200
update-alternatives --set policytool /usr/local/java/bin/policytool
update-alternatives --set rmid /usr/local/java/bin/rmid
update-alternatives --set rmiregistry /usr/local/java/bin/rmiregistry
update-alternatives --set servertool /usr/local/java/bin/servertool
update-alternatives --set tnameserv /usr/local/java/bin/tnameserv
update-alternatives --set unpack200 /usr/local/java/bin/unpack200
update-alternatives --set jexec /usr/local/java/lib/jexec
update-alternatives --set appletviewer /usr/local/java/bin/appletviewer
update-alternatives --set extcheck /usr/local/java/bin/extcheck
update-alternatives --set idlj /usr/local/java/bin/idlj
update-alternatives --set jar /usr/local/java/bin/jar
update-alternatives --set jarsigner /usr/local/java/bin/jarsigner
update-alternatives --set javac /usr/local/java/bin/javac
update-alternatives --set javadoc /usr/local/java/bin/javadoc
update-alternatives --set javafxpackager /usr/local/java/bin/javafxpackager
update-alternatives --set javah /usr/local/java/bin/javah
update-alternatives --set javap /usr/local/java/bin/javap
update-alternatives --set javapackager /usr/local/java/bin/javapackager
update-alternatives --set jcmd /usr/local/java/bin/jcmd
update-alternatives --set jconsole /usr/local/java/bin/jconsole
update-alternatives --set jdb /usr/local/java/bin/jdb
update-alternatives --set jdeps /usr/local/java/bin/jdeps
update-alternatives --set jhat /usr/local/java/bin/jhat
update-alternatives --set jinfo /usr/local/java/bin/jinfo
update-alternatives --set jmap /usr/local/java/bin/jmap
update-alternatives --set jmc /usr/local/java/bin/jmc
update-alternatives --set jps /usr/local/java/bin/jps
update-alternatives --set jrunscript /usr/local/java/bin/jrunscript
update-alternatives --set jsadebugd /usr/local/java/bin/jsadebugd
update-alternatives --set jstack /usr/local/java/bin/jstack
update-alternatives --set jstat /usr/local/java/bin/jstat
update-alternatives --set jstatd /usr/local/java/bin/jstatd
update-alternatives --set jvisualvm /usr/local/java/bin/jvisualvm
update-alternatives --set native2ascii /usr/local/java/bin/native2ascii
update-alternatives --set rmic /usr/local/java/bin/rmic
update-alternatives --set schemagen /usr/local/java/bin/schemagen
update-alternatives --set serialver /usr/local/java/bin/serialver
update-alternatives --set wsgen /usr/local/java/bin/wsgen
update-alternatives --set wsimport /usr/local/java/bin/wsimport
update-alternatives --set xjc /usr/local/java/bin/xjc
update-alternatives --set mozilla-javaplugin.so /usr/local/java/jre/lib/amd64/libnpjp2.so
