update-alternatives --remove ControlPanel /usr/local/java/bin/ControlPanel
update-alternatives --remove java /usr/local/java/bin/java
update-alternatives --remove javaws /usr/local/java/bin/javaws
update-alternatives --remove jcontrol /usr/local/java/bin/jcontrol
update-alternatives --remove jjs /usr/local/java/bin/jjs
update-alternatives --remove keytool /usr/local/java/bin/keytool
update-alternatives --remove orbd /usr/local/java/bin/orbd
update-alternatives --remove pack200 /usr/local/java/bin/pack200
update-alternatives --remove policytool /usr/local/java/bin/policytool
update-alternatives --remove rmid /usr/local/java/bin/rmid
update-alternatives --remove rmiregistry /usr/local/java/bin/rmiregistry
update-alternatives --remove servertool /usr/local/java/bin/servertool
update-alternatives --remove tnameserv /usr/local/java/bin/tnameserv
update-alternatives --remove unpack200 /usr/local/java/bin/unpack200
update-alternatives --remove jexec /usr/local/java/lib/jexec
update-alternatives --remove appletviewer /usr/local/java/bin/appletviewer
update-alternatives --remove extcheck /usr/local/java/bin/extcheck
update-alternatives --remove idlj /usr/local/java/bin/idlj
update-alternatives --remove jar /usr/local/java/bin/jar
update-alternatives --remove jarsigner /usr/local/java/bin/jarsigner
update-alternatives --remove javac /usr/local/java/bin/javac
update-alternatives --remove javadoc /usr/local/java/bin/javadoc
update-alternatives --remove javafxpackager /usr/local/java/bin/javafxpackager
update-alternatives --remove javah /usr/local/java/bin/javah
update-alternatives --remove javap /usr/local/java/bin/javap
update-alternatives --remove javapackager /usr/local/java/bin/javapackager
update-alternatives --remove jcmd /usr/local/java/bin/jcmd
update-alternatives --remove jconsole /usr/local/java/bin/jconsole
update-alternatives --remove jdb /usr/local/java/bin/jdb
update-alternatives --remove jdeps /usr/local/java/bin/jdeps
update-alternatives --remove jhat /usr/local/java/bin/jhat
update-alternatives --remove jinfo /usr/local/java/bin/jinfo
update-alternatives --remove jmap /usr/local/java/bin/jmap
update-alternatives --remove jmc /usr/local/java/bin/jmc
update-alternatives --remove jps /usr/local/java/bin/jps
update-alternatives --remove jrunscript /usr/local/java/bin/jrunscript
update-alternatives --remove jsadebugd /usr/local/java/bin/jsadebugd
update-alternatives --remove jstack /usr/local/java/bin/jstack
update-alternatives --remove jstat /usr/local/java/bin/jstat
update-alternatives --remove jstatd /usr/local/java/bin/jstatd
update-alternatives --remove jvisualvm /usr/local/java/bin/jvisualvm
update-alternatives --remove native2ascii /usr/local/java/bin/native2ascii
update-alternatives --remove rmic /usr/local/java/bin/rmic
update-alternatives --remove schemagen /usr/local/java/bin/schemagen
update-alternatives --remove serialver /usr/local/java/bin/serialver
update-alternatives --remove wsgen /usr/local/java/bin/wsgen
update-alternatives --remove wsimport /usr/local/java/bin/wsimport
update-alternatives --remove xjc /usr/local/java/bin/xjc
update-alternatives --remove mozilla-javaplugin.so /usr/local/java/jre/lib/amd64/libnpjp2.so
